---
title: 'Kinds of Coffee'
date: 2017-01-04T15:04:10.000Z
description: >-
  We’re proud to announce that we’ll be offering a small batch of Jamaica Blue
  Mountain coffee beans in our store next week.
---

More About Coffee
-----------------

 **There are many different kinds of coffee, each with its own unique flavor profile, brewing method, and serving style. Here are some of the most common types of coffee:**

1.  Espresso: A strong, concentrated coffee that is made by forcing hot water through finely ground coffee beans using an espresso machine. Espresso is the base for many coffee drinks, including cappuccinos, lattes, and Americanos.
    
2.  Cappuccino: A coffee drink that consists of one shot of espresso topped with equal parts steamed milk and frothed milk. It is typically served in a small cup and is often topped with cinnamon or chocolate powder.
    
3.  Latte: A coffee drink that consists of one shot of espresso topped with steamed milk and a thin layer of frothed milk. It is typically served in a tall glass and is often flavored with syrups like vanilla, caramel, or hazelnut.
    
4.  Americano: A coffee drink that is made by adding hot water to one or two shots of espresso. It has a similar strength to drip coffee but with a different flavor profile.
    
5.  Drip coffee: A coffee made by pouring hot water over ground coffee beans in a filter basket, allowing the water to drip through and extract the coffee flavors. This is the most common type of coffee and is typically served black or with milk and sugar.
    
6.  French press coffee: A coffee brewing method that involves steeping coarsely ground coffee in hot water for several minutes before pressing a plunger down to separate the coffee from the grounds. This produces a strong, full-bodied coffee with a rich flavor.
    
7.  Cold brew: A coffee brewing method that involves steeping coarsely ground coffee in cold water for several hours before straining out the grounds. This produces a smooth, low-acid coffee that is often served over ice.
    
8.  Turkish coffee: A strong, thick coffee that is made by boiling finely ground coffee beans in a pot with water and sugar. It is typically served in small cups and is often accompanied by Turkish delight or other sweet treats.
    

These are just a few of the many types of coffee available, and each has its own unique flavor and brewing method. Whether you prefer a strong espresso or a smooth cold brew, there is a type of coffee out there to suit your taste preferences.
